#Reflection


Lab 4 was about picking 2 different programming languages to try out. I decided to choose C and Python because I was always interested in system programming and I wanted to try out. So, I picked up a Linux text book and I began to read alongside practicing creating different types of programs that the book had recommended me to try out. One of the core things I learned about while I was learning C programming was using the “gcc” command to compile the code normally during my time in School we used “IDE” which had a simple “compile and run” button. I also learned about passing arguments within the C programming language. I used multiple resources on how to find the proper way of learning C language; one way was through YouTube tutorials it showcases the syntax, as well as data structure within the language. The challenging part was learning the language overall an example being; I never worked with memory control especially with heap arrays and having to release memory after I am done using the array. Although C programming can be very efficient in memory, as well as running code faster, the disadvantage will be the amount of code you have to write in order. In contrast to my second programming language, I picked which is Python. Learning Python’s syntax seemed to be straight forward and easier to read than C, C++ and Java in my opinion. I love the way the Python separate sections by indentation instead of brackets or end. It feels easier to read and also writing code in python don’t feel overwhelming. I chose Python because efficient syntax allows me to just code faster as well as following the code much easier. Python can be used in web testing, data extraction, databases, and more. And with the increasing popularity having a large community it is much easier to get help as well as having large libraries to access from.
